[Scheduler] Add capability to skip missed periodic tasks, only the last schedule will be called (#58001)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Scheduler/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.2
---

>  * add capability to launch only once late message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add capability to launch only once late message
```

>  * add capability to launch only once late message

Reviewer 2: I suggest to reword this line:

```suggestion
 * Add capability to skip missed periodic tasks, only the last schedule will be called
```

Reviewer: Should also be the PR title

Author: ok
